Standardization (#2)
bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go: README.md

# Bitmark SDK for Golang
The official Bitmark SDK for Golang

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go)

## Setting Up

### Prerequisites

- Golang version 1.7+

### Installing

#### Go Module
```sh
require (
	github.com/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go
)
```

#### Go Vendor
```sh
govendor fetch github.com/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go
```

#### Manually
```sh
go get github.com/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/bitmark-inc/bitmark-sdk-go
```

## Documentation

Please refer to our [SDK Document](https://sdk-docs.bitmark.com/).

## Sample code
This is a [sample project](sample/). It shows how to use Bitmark SDK for Golang.

## Opening Issues

> If you encounter a bug with the Bitmark SDK for Golang we would like to hear about it. Search the existing issues and try to make sure your problem doesn’t already exist before opening a new issue. It’s helpful if you include the version of the SDK, Golang and OS you’re using. Please include a stack trace and reduced repro case when appropriate, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a bug with the Bitmark SDK for Golang we would like to hear from you. Search the existing issues and try to make sure your problem doesn’t exist yet before opening a new issue. It’s helpful if you could provide the version of the SDK, Golang and OS you’re using. Please include a stack trace and reproducible case if possible.
```
